# Silver Team Coach

### Description
Manage your own team of champions based on your own Champion Mastery in League of Legends! This game has been made for the API Challenge of April 2016, competing for the "Entertainment" category.

### How to set up
In order to play the game, you will need to do the following steps:
- Go to [Silver Team Coach on Github][GithubSilverTeamCoach] and download the ZIP (Download ZIP). 
- [Download UWamp][UWamp], unpack it in "SilverTeamCoach/UWamp/" and run the wamp server
- Open the Silver Team Coach project in Unity and build it using Build Settings and select WebGL (if WebGL is not available, please download and install it from the Unity website)
- Select the folder "SilverTeamCoach/UWamp/www" as build folder
- Delete "Index.html" from "SilverTeamCoach/UWamp/www"
- When Unity is done building, go to the wamp server and select "Browser www" or simply go to localhost in your web browser
- Play the game!

### Requirements
- PHP version 5.6
- MySQL
- Unity with WebGL output

### Game features
- Log in with your own League of Legends account, and use it to buy Champions in game.
- Set up your own League of Legends team to beat other players!
- Level up your Champion Mastery in League of Legends to have your champions in Silver Team Coach perform better.
- Fight against bot teams generated by us and see how well you're doing (and see if you recognize the bot players).

### Post Mortem
We made this game for the API Challenge of April 2016. We decided it would be fun to be able to see how well the champions gamers often play would function as a team. We initially started working on the menu content, making sure all of that was done before we started on the actual game.

We divided who would do what based on experience, which meant Querijn was going to do the more difficult programming parts while Liane worked on the easier programming tasks and the layout and design. 

Although the time limit was well-known, we did something a lot of game designers do, and that's overscoping. We basically overscoped everything. We wanted it to be a game in which you pitted your team of champions against another in a kind of Legends of League of Legends game and became stronger and more efficient the more you played. This is why we ran into a little bit of trouble at the end, still fixing bugs from the actual game. Although the menu was done and pretty, it probably would have been a better idea to focus on the game part first instead of the stuff leading up to it. Aside from that, we managed to create a slightly simpler version of the initial plan that still represented most of our wishes of what the game should be.

Despite everything we created at a fun game together which we hope a lot of people will enjoy!


### External Libraries
- [Kevin Ohashi's PHP Riot API][PHPRiotAPI]
- Unity

### Development

Unfortunately, due to the nature of the API Challenge, pull requests cannot be accepted until the 9th of May. You can contribute by testing and giving feedback using the [Issues tab of our Github page!][Issues]

Special thanks to Abdullah Miraj

##### Try out the demo at: querijn.codes/silver/team/coach/

   [PHPRiotAPI]: <https://github.com/kevinohashi/php-riot-api>
   [Issues]: <https://github.com/Querijn/SilverTeamCoach/issues>
   [GithubSilverTeamCoach]: <https://github.com/Querijn/SilverTeamCoach>
   [UWamp]: <http://www.uwamp.com/en>
